Add macro handling and templating (#134)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/LwM2M_Client/Nordic/Thingy91.md

    anjay config show
    ```

    {{ console("Anjay Configuration",
'''uart:~$ anjay config show

Current Anjay config:

 LwM2M Server URI: ''' + coaps_uri + '''
 Device lifetime: 50
 Endpoint name: test_device
 PSK: psk
 Bootstrap: n
''')}}

> 1. Update your device credentials:

Reviewer: Why did you change numbering from `0.` to `1. 2. 3. ...` etc?

         anjay config set psk <key>
         ```

2. Start the client using the new configurations:

    ```
    anjay start
    ```

> 3. Go to the Coiote DM to check if your device is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the {{ coiote_short_name }} to check if your device is connected.
```
